Welcome to delicious rings like her
I'm not in this video in
my choice of his kitchen for me
Show yourself how you can do it yourself
on
for making sugar syrup
we need a pot of 200 grams of sugar
I do not take any final sugar now
but usually fine even 200 milliliters
water a bottle in which we the
finish the filling afterwards
bottle I have with hot before
water boiled so that the germ-free
and the syrup last longer
we need a priest so we can
they are too different without anything
abfüllten
what I do now is a 12 1
career 200 times sugar 200 milliliters
water if you have 400 grams of sugar on 200
milliliters of water are used then taken
the one 2 2 1 2
nobody or even trips owner
The mass of books belong to sugar so long
has dissolved
the water used
I also have the highest level for the stove
posed so that the mass as possible
I was fast I have ever heard
So that the sugar is not on the ground
fixing burnt caramel samir
As you can see , we now have a clear one
liquid
so it can completely dissolve and you
have it done
the sugar syrup now film 20 over the
funnel in our previously boiled
bottle one
finished is our sugar syrup or too
simple because he really easy
is to produce
have fun with it